Updating API docs for custom widgets (#272)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/widget-custom.md

<span class="screenshot-large">*![unsaved options](images/widget_custom_open_configuration.png)*</span>
{: .screenshot-half }

## Custom Widget linking

> <!--
> Write here a paragraph about that the custom widget can be used as a source of linking. All dev
> needs to do is to call grist.ready({allowSelectBy: true}), and then update the cursor position
> by calling grist.setCursorPos({rowId: 20})
> -->

Reviewer: Ok to remove this now?
```suggestion
```

Custom widgets can also be used as a source of linking (see [Linking widgets](linking-widgets.md)).

> All you need to do is to inform Grist that your widget supports linking by passing additional
> options to the `ready` call (see [Widget API](/code/modules/grist_plugin_api/#ready)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All you need to do is inform Grist that your widget supports linking by passing an additional
option to the `ready` call (see [Widget API](/code/modules/grist_plugin_api/#ready)):
```
